When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I can easily access the files irrespective of what device I am using. 
    Also, when colloborating with others a remote repository helps to keep all the relevant changes/updates intact.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	I might want to update my repo with the changes only when I choose to and not whenever there's an update.
	This could be because I might be in middle of a code-change myself and don't want any conflicting changes to the same file from the remote.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

	Fork: When you want to "clone" a repo from GitHub server of another useronto your own. This is purely remote and not connected to the local device.
	Clone: When you want to copy a repo (with all its commits) from GitHub to your local device. (Clone can also be done from another local repo)
	Branch: When you want to make changes (and keep track of it seperately) of your exsisting repo

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

	When there's an update to the remote branch, we can have a copy of that. Then decide what we want to do with it (eg: merge)

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	Easier to work on a code where it is being developed by multiple people. 
	Or, even for a single develper, who is working on multiple features. 

	Harder part are the ones when there's conflicts. But without GitHub, it'd be even harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?
	
	Whenever there's a seperate version/feature/bug, it's better to have it in a seperate branch
	Changes at master branch should be minimal and only be done when it is a confirmed and universally being affected for all
